eeeeeeeeee# 🛡️ ScamShield: AI-Powered Scam Detector

**ScamShield** is a Machine Learning web application designed to protect Malaysians from digital threats by analyzing suspicious SMS, Emails, and URLs.



## 📖 Project Explanation
Digital scams involving TNG e-Wallet, LHDN, and bank phishing are a rising threat in Malaysia. **ScamShield** provides a transparent "Safety-First" filter that identifies red flags and warns users before they fall victim to financial social engineering.

## ✨ Key Features
* **Multi-Channel Scanning:** Specialized detection for Email, SMS, and URL types.
* **Tri-Color Risk Analysis:** Immediate visual feedback with High, Medium, and Low risk badges.
* **AI Confidence Score:** Displays a probability percentage generated by our machine learning model.
* **Malaysian Trust Center:** An educational hub featuring local scam trends and a direct link to the **NSRC 997** hotline.

## 🛠️ Tech Stack
- **Frontend:** Streamlit
- **Model:** Logistic Regression & TF-IDF Vectorization
- **Language:** Python 3.13.11

## ⚙️ Setup & How to Run
1. **Clone the Repo:**
   `git clone https://github.com/meaifa/ScamShield-AI`
2. **Install Requirements:**
   `pip install -r requirements.txt`
3. **Run App:**
   `streamlit run ScamShield.py`

## 🧠 AI Logic
The system cleans input text and uses **TF-IDF Vectorization** to highlight suspicious keywords (e.g., "Verify", "Restricted", "RM0.00"). A **Logistic Regression** model then calculates the likelihood of the content being a scam.
